This TODO file lists ideas and features for future developments. They are
more or less ordered according to their benefit, but that is subjective
to some degree.

Unless written, no activity has been started on the topics.


EDI/STI-D Input
---------------
Add support for EDI input, so that third-party encoders can be interfaced
to the multiplexer. Relevant spec: ETSI TS 102 693

It would be beneficial to write and EDI decoding library that can be re-used in
ODR-DabMod to add EDI input there too.

Initial work started in http://git.mpb.li/git/odr-edilib/

Explicit Service Linking
------------------------
At the moment there is no support to signal explicit service linking.
Implementing this needs a definition of how it should look like in the
configuration file and in the remote control, and adding new FIGs to signal the
necessary information.


Inputs for packet data
----------------------
It is currently unclear what input formats and sources work for packet data,
and which ones would make sense to add.

Also, there is no documentation on the possibilites of packet data.


Clarify usage of PTy
--------------------
We currently transmit dynamic PTy in FIG0/17 since it can be changed in
through the remote control. Some receivers might not display the dynamic
PTy, but only the static PTy. Clarify if we need to add both PTy variants
to the configuration and the code.o


Refactor inputs
---------------
The input code is written in very C-like OOP, with structures of function
pointers that do dynamic dispatch. Refactoring this to proper classes and
documenting it properly will simplify the addition of new input formats,
facilitate runtime configurability and clarify the usages of the inputs.

Also, all inputs using UDP are now broken.

Communicate Leap Seconds
------------------------
Actually, we're supposed to say in FIG0/10 when there is a UTC leap second
upcoming, but since that's not trivial to find out because the POSIX time
concept is totally unaware of that, this is not done. We need to know for EDI
TIST, and the ClockTAI class can get the information from the Internet, but it
is not used in FIG0/10.
